Swin support for any input size (#15986)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_doc/swin.mdx

Tips:
- One can use the [`AutoFeatureExtractor`] API to prepare images for the model.

> - Swin pads the inputs supporting any input size (if divisible by `32`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Swin pads the inputs supporting any input height and width (if divisible by `32`).
```

> - Swin can be used as a *backbone*, when when `output_hidden_states = True` it will outputs both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. `reshaped_hidden_states` have a size of `batch, channels, height, width`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Swin can be used as a *backbone*, when `output_hidden_states = True` it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, channels, height, width)`.
```

Author: my god, thanks! 🙏

> - Swin can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`, it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, channels, height, width)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Swin can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`, it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, channels, height, width)` rather than `(batch_size, sequence_length, channels)`.
```

Reviewer: It may be confusing to use the term `hidden_size` as `SwinConfig` has an attribute `hidden_size` which is set to the channels of the last stage.

> - Swin can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`, it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, num_channels, height, width)` rather than `(batch_size, sequence_length, num_channels)`.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Swin can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`, it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, num_channels, height, width)` rather than `(batch_size, sequence_length, num_channels)`.
```
